1. Certificate 2 belongs to the Joker.
2. In order to decrypt the certificate, you must solve (message)^d mod n. The way to solve this with large numbers is through the repeated squares algorithm. First I created and then initialized 4 mpz_t type variables: holder, zero, one, and two. Then I set "two" and "one their unsigned integer values, 2 and 1 respectively. In the while-loop, I code the algorithm,  called "The Right-to-Left Binary Method,"which is a combination of the "Memory Efficient Method" and the general principle called "Exponentiation by squaring." Then at the very end I free the memory of all the mpz_t type variables. Then to check the certificates, I compiled the file proj0.c and then ran it against all the certificates.
3. Without repeated squaring, the runtime is O(d). This is because the message number is going to be multiplied d times, with each multiplication operation taking O(1) and there are d multiplications to be done before the number is modded.
4. Using repeated squaring, the runtime is O(log d).This is because you are not calculating every multiplication--instead, you are calculating half the amount as before,and then storing the number to use it in the squaring process.
5. The role of a CA is to issue digital certificates, which certifies the ownership of a public key by the named subject of the certicate.The CA is an organization that stores public keys and their owners and every party in a communication trusts this organization.It is the responsibility of a CA verify an applicant's credentials so the users and relying parties cantrust the information in the CA's certificates. Some dangers of a poor background check could result in confidential user information (i.e. bank info, personal info) being compromised if a different website is posing as a legimate website and the user enters that info. Another example if Eve gets a CA to give her a certificate that claims to represent Alice, the CA would publicly sstate that it represents Alice. Eve would have the private key associated with the certificated, and then she could use that certificate to send emails tricking Bob that the email was from Alice.
